Hosting Tip Number 7 I call this the preemptive review.
Now what I mean by a preemptive review sometimes when you have a guest you will know intuitively that
they didn't enjoy their stay.
If that's the case and sometimes you just can't help it sometimes you just get prickly people.
I remember one time having someone who complained because I didn't have multiple blankets for them and
so I went and bought a brand new day for them and then they complained that the DO THEY which was on
top of another blanket didn't have a sheet for it so they wouldn't use it.
You run into people like that you can't help it if you know that's the case that they enjoy their stay.
That means they're very likely negative review.
In my experience you know 70 percent of these people don't end up doing anything that is kind of say
it's behind me.
But there is a 30 percent of people who think that they're the advocates for humanity and they're saving
people from this horrendous experience beforehand and so they really want to put something on your wall.
Now the preemptive review.
What it is is and I previously mentioned this in the last tip is that you can jump the gun a little
bit knowing that they had a negative experience and as soon as they leave.
Doing two things One you message them and you say sorry if anything was negative.
I really hope you enjoyed your time.
It's too bad that you know if you ever came back I would totally correct this.
But then what you say is if there's anything that you think I can improve on let me know and just tell
me because I'm trying really hard but I don't know every single thing that could go wrong.
And so it's a learning process.
And then what you can do is then you can also give the review let them know you left them review.
If you listen the last tip we know that the review system in Arabic is different now.
So the second part of that doesn't have as much weight as it used to be used to be the case if we just
leave them in glowingly positive review.
And I made it really hard for them to then turn around and give you a negative review much less inclined
to they just kind of feel that that in this case what you can do is you can message them and say that
well a lot of times if you have mature agast they will recognize that since the person is willing to
change and willing to improve the correct way of doing this would be actually to give them private feedback
and to not post it permanently and publicly.
And here's the thing.
As a lot of people they just will post it permanently and publicly and they're not mature or they're
not someone who looks at that and goes oh they're actually trying to improve and this doesn't make sense
because as soon as I post it though I've made changes so it's not actually a proper representation of
their property.
A lot of people just don't get that so that's one way of doing that.
And I think that'll reduce the rates of how many people will post negatively get probably caught on
your bad reviews and half.
There is a small more vocal minority that you cannot really silence that way.
And so I would refer back to the bit I did on damage control because that lecture covers a lot more
what to do when you get the bad review because there is very much a process that you should go through.
So go back and listen to that lecture.
Now this I think is definitely something you should add to your tool kit.
It'll definitely reduce how many negative reviews you get or at least how many little anxious after
they leave.
Like are they going to give me a negative review kind of feelings.
You guys have any questions post it in the group discussion.
I might even put in the research sections like templates for what I responded and I can't even screen
shot some of the preemptive messages that I sent people that I thought it better reviews and we can
kind of see how they went.
Is that something you guys are interested but you've got to let me know I suppose in the group discussion.